Day 0  Monday 4/6/18

Its our first day in the firm and we reached the office at 11:00 AM and our onboarding process 
is supposed to be start at 11:30 am. We were directed to proceed to the reception on 2nd floor
of a 5 floor big building. There we were directed to enter a room one by one and get ourself 
clicked for the ID cards and we are given Temporary ID cards along with a envelope of Documents and 
along that we are now directed to proceed to Vikramshala Training room on 4th floor.At this point we 
are really excited to start this journey.In Vikramshala Training room there were other people too who have their First day at deloitte. All other people except 3(from our college) are Full Time Employees. Our Onboarding procedure start by marking our attendance via scanning our I cards and  after that we all are given a bag having Laptops and Headphones.These are our official Deloitte laptops that need to be brought in office and all work need to be done on that. After that we are instructed to fill a couple of forms and sign them.After that we were given general instructions that need to be followed and we were directed to seek help from our buddy in case we found any issue. For me my buddy is Ms. Smriti zalpuri she was a consultant at Deloitte studio/Deloitte digital branch. She breifed me about the firm and general practices that are followed. I enquied about my project from her which she told that my resource manager will allocate and then I enquired about the work she does which she explained really well and told about her project and some other projects and techniques that are being used in Deloitte.After that she enquired from a couple of resource managers in the studio if they know about my project which they said will be allocated in a couple of days.
So after meeting my buddy we just explored all the floors of our office and we really like the place.Each floor has cofee machines and a big cafeteria on 4th floor and Gym, foosball table, TT table, carrom Boards , Communication gym and Bean bags over the place make it more exciting place to work. After having our lunch we return back to our home.


Day 1 Tuesday 5/6/18



CDZJNQ